Is this healthy? Is this unhealthy?
>> Oh, it's definitely unhealthy. I burnt
from my $50 food in a single session.
>> I have no interest in going faster. It
feels really fast. Is our job going to
turn into requirements engineering?
>> Hello. Welcome back to Aenti Coding.
This is episode 3 with Ben and me,
Armen. I'm a aentic coding addict for a
good year now. I started a new company
called Arendelle. This is what I work
for. uh nothing publicly announced yet,
but if you're kind of curious, you can
go to aranddale.com and there's our
purpose statement and a little
newsletter you can sign up for, but
we'll get do some updates soonish, but
so far
still a secret.
>> Oh, hey Armen. It's good to see you.
Always good to see you. So, my name is
Ben and I'm a career JavaScript
developer. Unfortunately, worked at
companies like Discuss and Sentry and
now I have my own thing, modem. Arm and
I ultimately started this show because
we've, you know, going back a year plus,
we'd exchange a lot of notes on how
we're using AI coding tools and agent
coding tools and at some point we
decided it was worth kind of sharing our
take of um how we see things and that's
where we're at. If you saw last episode,
so first off, we recorded that January
8th and by the time it came out it felt
a little late. It feels like a ton of
things have happened at the end of that
episode. We started what was going to be
our annual predictions, but we quickly
pivoted into our monthly predictions
almost as a joke because we were
laughing at how quickly things were
going. And um turns out that was the
right call because some of those monthly
predictions came out true. So I made
this declaration and we're going to go
we're going to go through them. So I
made this declaration that wow like
Claude code had had a really great
holiday and I thought that cursor was
going to answer in a big way. You know
cursor had been so huge and kind of
dominant over the last year and it just
seemed natural for me that you know in a
month's time they'd kind of come out of
the gates and say something or or have
something. Armen, do you think that came
true or not? It doesn't seem like I mean
I think that the only update that I saw
in cursor in the meantime was the custom
harness that they built and with which
they then built the browser which was
impressive but it wasn't something that
uh has an meaningful impact on a user of
cursor.
>> My coworker Justin highlighted like oh
they launched a CLI and I noticed that
when I was using the editor I did feel
like I was getting some prompts but I
thought they already had that. So is
that true? I I'm pretty sure that
someone at one point gave me access to a
beta to CLI and I feel like this was in
summer. Like maybe I'm mixing stuff up,
but it really felt like it was already.
>> This caused me to go and look up like
the release notes for cursor CLI and it
had You're right. A beta did happen in
the summer. Like it's already I presume
you're looking this up like I think it's
had multiple versions. I felt like they
had a release in the fall but it could
have been quiet like I'm not sure. This
is going by hazy memories here and this
felt like a muted relaunch. Either way,
I don't know that it really connected or
really resonated. Is that fair?
>> Yeah, I think one way of looking at this
is that cursor now is targeting I think
the big people enterprises. They are
probably very successful at this.
They're just now somewhere else in a
way. And I think that there might
actually be quite a bit of really
interesting stuff happening if you're
the target audience. They might just be
looking at different people at this
point. They're they're pretty big and
and I'm pretty sure they're they're no
longer necessarily selling to the
individual developers on Twitter.
>> Also true, right? Like we're in a weird
headsp space of what we're seeing. So
this is a this is a real like VA vibes
evaluation like probably inside cursor
they're like you know we just added a
billion dollars. We don't [laughter]
>> Yeah. I think it's always good to
remember that Twitter does not
necessarily represent the market as a
total. It's just a Yeah, it's a it's a
wild early moving space. Um, and
whatever is the hottest is the hottest.
>> That prediction
unfuzzy, unclear. So, let's move on to
the next one. You asked me, and I
thought this was a great question,
especially in hindsight, like, do you
think there will be more or less
harnesses? We freewheel these questions
on the spot, by the way. So, I was I was
trying to think on the spot, but my
argument was you had made a strong case
over the course of the episode
highlighting that, you know, there's
really like a lot of innovative features
coming out in harnesses. And so my
logical conclusion was kind of like,
well, if that's still true that we're
probably going to see more harnesses
because there's room to innovate and if
there's room to innovate, people are
going to try it. They're going to try
things. I'm looking to you to answer
these questions cuz I think you have a
better pulse on this answer. Did do we
have more harnesses or less? So we
definitely have more or at least I think
that you can argue that there are more
particularly if we consider that we are
moving towards like basically taking the
core principle of a coding agent but
sort of applied to like a little bit of
a greater distance to the code. So that
is on the one hand that there's clot
core work. It still runs bash it still
runs clot code but it's like technically
it's a harness. Uh Cordex also
relaunched I think the desktop app. I
feel like maybe they launched it. They
might have launched it. I I also thought
that there was a thing before that I
didn't try. [snorts] Uh but they got a
lot of buzz and then I think at this
point at least um pi moved from obscure
to there actually quite a few people who
are playing with it and there are more
uh I mean like it's at least if you if
you follow Twitter like every day
something pops up and and some of them
are just rappers but for instance like I
know that was named Will. I think he's a
a Python developer that used to write a
command line utility abstraction
library. He wrote a harness called toad.
I see that show up on Twitter all the
time now. And lots of people putting
cursor into
uh VMs on phones and stuff. So uh I
think there's not sorry not cursor um
code like the whatever the the library
that you can rep. So yeah, I think that
there's probably there's probably more
now than there was at Christmas.
Codework is a great one. Whether whether
codeex was new or not, I downloaded it
and tried it and to me I you know that
that's a good example. I give it if it
relaunches or not like I at somehow I
felt like it was a buzz and I I decided
to download and play with it. This is
worth talking about. Codex I think
is the first sort of like let's call it
bigger player harness that has workree
support baked in. Is that true? So
actually I think this is an interesting
thing. The the clot app that I think
very few people actually use that sort
of like the chat GPD thingy. If you
switch it to code, you can actually on
the Mac take a repository and if you
then give it a task, it will actually
create a work tree. But I don't think
anyone is doing that and it's doing that
for six months or so. But um in theory
you can do that. So like the claw
desktop app that they already had for a
while, not the cowork one, the regular
one has work three and and local agents
if you if you use it, it's just totally
undocumented or it's not undocumented.
It's like un undiscoverable. I guess
>> I think this is a real highlight to the
value and the power of marketing of
these harnesses, right? Even if a
competitor had this feature for six
months, if none of us noticed, it may as
well not have had it. And I think that
Codeex landed and I saw people promoting
that it had work tree support and that
got my attention. I was interested.
>> What a question. I was sorry for the
detour. It's like is anyone actually
using work trees because like I can't
figure them out. So I moved to just
having multiple checkouts. I am a
caveman when it comes to this. The UX
around work trees is horrible. And I
feel like there was a period where like
a couple of months ago everybody was
building their own abstractions over
trees and I was also one of them and it
just didn't stick. I just I went back to
multiple checkouts. So, I actually kind
of wonder if if this is how many people
actually are really using work trees. Um
probably a lot, but um definitely didn't
stick with me for sure.
>> I use work trees a lot via conductor and
and we might talk about this later. And
I think this
checkouts versus work trees we could get
into, right? Like doesn't um Boris
Aclaude just he just uses checkouts.
That's something he's talked about. I
think Peter is also one of the clo the
checkout people. I have I have strong
arguments for why check out so we can go
to this later. It's definitely I feel
like work trees are sort of like um they
they are sticking around in the disc in
the in the sort of discourse and
definitely some tools are promoting them
way more now than they used to.
>> Last question is and this is this feels
like the biggest one because this was in
the final minute of our of our 51 minute
episode. you made a prediction which is
and this was January 8th. You made a
prediction which is like I think
personal agents are going to be a bigger
deal. And at that point in time I don't
know what the popularity of Claudebot
was because I'm in the bubble where I
follow you. I know what you're talking
about and I follow Peter and so I knew
that it existed but I certainly wasn't
ready for what where you know wherever
it was January 8th to where it got to
even just a few weeks later. So, I'm
gonna answer this and say yes, personal
agents got very big,
super big. I mean, to go from that, you
know, to go from that statement of like
I think, you know, personal agents like
Colomb
and and by the way, I don't like
dropping names here without explaining.
So, can you quickly um I don't know how
to pronounce Peter's last name. I'm just
gonna be very
>> Steinbagger.
>> Thank you. So [laughter]
he is also known as a stipete on
Twitter.
>> I think that I think that Claudebot
OpenClaw is like pretty well known but
like let's just humor the idea that you
haven't followed like can you give us
like the 60-cond version of this?
So the 60cond version I think of
openclaw what's it called now or like in
between it was moldbot and
claw this and claudebot
is you can think of it as like a coding
agent hooked up to your personal
communication platform of choice be
Slack or Telegram or WhatsApp and it
basically has a memory you talk to it it
programs and runs the code and because
it's sort of skill-based
it will reprogram itself to some degree.
Actually, quite quite a significant
degree. And so, as a result, it is
turning into
something like a personal like an agent
that controls a computer. Let's put it
this way. Um, yeah, and it got really
really popular in the last couple of
weeks.
>> Uh, it drove Mac Mini sales through the
roof. I I don't know if that's true or
not. Like, people joke about it like,
can I not get a Mac Mini right now? And
that's also a question which is why a
Mac Mini, right? Like why not a
Raspberry Pi or you know whatever you
know piece of junk Windows machine you
have sitting around.
>> Maybe if we walk her back a little bit.
Um so also part of the reason why it
wasn't completely uh crazy to make the
prediction early January was that I
think a lot of people have tried to
build personal agents in one form or
another over the last nine months. There
were two events in December I think or
November somewhere between November and
December that uh I think where you have
already seen a little bit that um
Peter's approach of a personal agent uh
gained a little bit of visibility
elsewhere. One was that he uh merged a
contribution from a community member
that extended what was originally just a
WhatsApp plugin to one that goes in
Discord. And so he hooked the his
personal one up to Discord and he tells
a story that there was this moment where
uh he kind of forgot to turn it off
overnight and it restarted
automatically. Um and people sort of
like went crazy with his personal um
assistant that was basically having root
access on his computer over Discord for
like 12 hours and then afterwards he
like woke up scared and and read through
every message and was actually impressed
that it didn't completely screw up. Um,
but the reason that story I think is
important is because it was running on
his Mac. And one of the things that
Peter did the nine months before is that
he went very deep on CLIs. And so what
the
um what Cloudbot primarily operates is a
bunch of the tools that he wrote before
and one of which is called Peekaboo. And
because he uses a Mac, Peekabboo is
basically a remote control for Mac. Um,
so it can click buttons in the UI or use
Apple script and all kinds of other
stuff.
>> Is is Peekabboo like a like a
independent open source library? You
know,
>> it's like a command line tool is a
command line tool that you can use with
anything. Um, but um part of also I
think how open claw works right now. I
mean not not like technically but in in
terms of like how people are using it is
clawhub or whatever it's called now
which is a repository of skills and
there was there was a skill for uh
remote controlling a Mac [snorts] and if
you are into the Apple ecosystem and you
want your agent to have access to your
iMessage or iCloud or whatever then you
kind of need a Mac because that is a
closed ecosystem and the only way in
which Apple gives you access is via a
Mac. The other reason I think is there's
always question like why why is it a
computer at home? Why is it not um an
EC2 instance or I don't know a headset
machine or like a lineode is that uh
residential IPs
have a way better reputation than cloud
IPs for a lot of services. So if you
have ever tried to launch a browser in a
home IP or in a cloud IP, the number of
captions
>> for now for now
>> for now. [laughter]
>> Well, actually here here I have a fun
story, fun little story. My son spent
his pocket money to buy a projector. I'm
going to tell the story everybody know.
So my son bought a projector, Chinese
projector, €60, very very cheap, very
good projector. The side hustle that
this company does is it operates a VPN
endpoint on that machine and sells
residential IP access. Um, turns out
it's a pretty common system now where
either companies or individuals are
participating in reselling network
access through residential IP addresses
for reputation purposes. So, it's it's a
market now. It's crazy.
>> So, hold on. Are you saying that this
projector that you put onto your network
is basically creating a backd dooror for
the Chinese company to gain access to
your residential IP?
>> So I was I was looking this a little
bit. It's not a Chinese company that
actually comes out of it. What actually
comes out of the end of it is a whole
bunch of companies including like VPN
companies are buying residential exit
points.
>> But is that okay but not a Chinese
companies. But is was that statement
true? Like you got a cheap projector but
you also sort of bought something else
unwittingly? I'm trying to understand.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's this absolutely the
case. [laughter]
I found a way to get rid of it, but um
yeah, it's it's fun stuff. [laughter]
>> That's a whole topic we could get into.
Um
>> but it is related to this because if you
actually look around on the internet,
one of the problems that agents run into
is that they want to browse the
internet. And to browse the internet,
you want to search the internet. And the
there's actually only one search engine
in the world basically, which is Google.
I mean, there's a little bit else. And
so coming out of a residential IP with
the same trust gives you usage.
>> Yeah, I use duck.go. Okay,
I use both. Okay, I'm lying. I use I use
both. So Cloudbot, we did took a little
detour on residential IPs, but that was
fun. This thing got crazy. I think you
did a good job explaining a little bit
why. And I and I think Armen and I
talked a little bit about this like we
didn't want to go too be we don't want
to get too deep into Cloudbot. There are
so many places for you to learn more
about that. But I did want to talk about
it from the perspective of agent coding,
okay? Because that's what the show's
about. I if there's one gap that I feel
that I am personally missing as a
developer and I suspect other people do
too is that
I'm mostly doing everything kind of on
my machine. And if I'm not around, you
know, like, yes, I can kick things off
or whatever. Come back later, but I'm
not on the road. I'm not walking down
the street and being like, "Hey, you
know, hey, Claude Code, go make me
whatever." I'm not doing that. But it
seems like in following some people
who've been really engaged with
Claudebot,
sorry. Open Claw. Open Claw. Open Claw.
Um, really easy mistake to make. Okay.
really easy for stake. Every single one
of these episodes has us basically ba
basically asking lawyers to to not come
after us. It seems like there are people
uh who are doing, you know, working with
their personal agents to build software.
And I'm curious how true that is. Are
you doing that? Is it a good experience?
Um should every should [laughter]
everybody go out and get a Mac Mini?
What do you think? I think everybody
should try to build a personal agent. I
think that's true. Mostly just because I
think that this is sort of I think going
to be
a topic that's with us for a while. I
don't think you should buy a Mac Mini.
[laughter]
Mostly just because in the grand scheme
of things that's a little bit of a
crutch. But I think there's if you're
into programming I think like having at
least made the experience of like toying
around these distinct things is probably
a good idea. Should you use it for
programming? I think it's a different
question. I don't think it's the right
structure necessarily. Part of it is if
you actually just want to use it for
programming
like even the claw app gives you or
codeex gives you like an incloud
make me a pull request kind of thing
that can also run code which just has a
better user experience I think but each
to their own I think like you can
definitely use a personal agent program
programming but I don't think that's
where the strength is necessarily
>> I'm going to recant what I said earlier
where it was like oh I don't really do
it on the
That's true but I have experimented with
it using the using the the apps that you
brought up codecs and claude web but my
experience has been let's take codeex on
the web for example and I think I think
cursor agents cursor cloud agents
similar thing right if you've used that
you have to do some work to make sure
like to give the agent like an
environment where it can run your tests
and do that kind of stuff
I've struggled to get it to I think
emulate
kind of what I have on my machine and I
always find as a result that the I find
that the results are lacking like I'll
give you an example on the modem
codebase we made a decision
to all of our unit tests use Postgress
so um which is a whole topic we could
get into and maybe we maybe we'll get
into that a little bit now when I
started using cloud on the web when that
came out and I think it's still in beta
cla
web agent, I don't know the exact name,
has a a more locked down kind of
environment like they have almost like a
like a network firewall for you can stop
it from making outbound requests. And I
found that even if you gave it the most
permissive network connectivity from
that environment, it still struggled to
connect to our like uh cloud Postgress
instance, they're using some kind of um
proxy and I just, you know, I spent an
afternoon on this, I couldn't get it to
work and I gave up. And so that's an
example of like even though I use Claude
predominantly, I couldn't quite get the
same environment going. Um, and you
could imagine, you know, hitting more
and more challenges. So the idea of,
hey, I could run this on my Mac Mini or
my Linux machine or or whatever or my
VPS and it's, you know, I control the
environment and I know that it's going
to work. and the idea that I could chat
with it over Signal or WhatsApp or
whatever the heck they're doing. Um,
that sounds appealing. So, are you kind
of like, does that make any sense or or
you're like, you know?
>> Yeah. I mean, first of all, you're
right. And I also don't use it. Um, and
I think like the biggest biggest reason
why I'm not using it is because like the
def is not really set up to work on this
on demand kind of online in status. hard
to look at diffs
>> hard to look at but but also like let's
say for inance you do want to have like
coding on the go there's a very obvious
alternative that I think like people are
using which is like you have just a
computer at home and it just runs the
thing and you connect to it remotely and
that is actually in many ways not
completely insane if you're a developer
and I think quite a few developers have
a setup like this the other thing is
that um one alternative form factor here
that I've seen pop up is for instance
things like row code or robot or
whatever it's called which also sounds
like a bot but it's basically if you
have an Android phone you can download
the thing which I think it's called
I forgot what's called termox I think
it's basically a terminal emulator you
can run on Android and then it can run
your programming agent and then you set
it up once to connect to your thing and
you can literally vibe code on your
phone as if it was a terminal also
probably not the greatest setup But you
you have full control over it, right? Um
and I have I've seen some people do
stuff like this. I personally I just
feel like I already programmed too much.
So try to do less on the go in a way
now. Um but yeah,
I think they're like better ways than
that. I think
>> so. My take away from this and is that
you know Cloudbot great personal agent
but probably not the you know if you're
looking for it to be building software
for you is not it is not the form factor
you should be reaching for. I think like
there's a there's a there's a
conversation we should go into later,
but I think that's sort of like maybe a
little bit of foreshadowing which is
there's a huge desire I think by a lot
of people to just and I was in this too
which is like like you almost feel like
if you're not shipping on the go what is
going wrong with your life basically and
uh I I feel like I personally moved past
that point. Um, [laughter]
so my my strong desire to actually keep
doing that as excessively as I was doing
is is a little bit less now than it used
to be. And and and I've seen other
people also slowly fall into this
pattern.
>> That's where it's revisiting because I
think even when we started this show,
which is not that long ago, you know,
and we weren't even sure if it was going
to be a show, we were just kind of like,
you know, let's just talk about it. was
um even you who spends a lot of time
thinking about this, we declared
ourselves to be uh less crazy than
others. And I think that we got I I feel
this way. I feel like I got a little
maybe over the last month I like got
more AI pill than I've ever been. And
and it's [laughter]
and it's not healthy. And I've even
noticed um like a trend of people
talking about this like sort of the the
healthy ramp, you know, is this healthy?
Is this unhealthy?
>> Oh, it's definitely unhealthy for sure.
>> Yeah. Um
>> my my my fancy bed tells me I don't
sleep enough. This is how I know.
>> Yeah, I know this. And um I don't know
how much other people know this. Um to
stay on top of this, maybe this is worth
addressing. like to truly stay on top of
this is like madness.
>> I feel like for for many years in my
career, there was sort of like a there
was like a a path and the path was a
little bit like when I was like between
16 and like 22. I was like working a
ton, sleeping very little and and it
just felt like the the world is an
oyster or whatever. And then I just got
old, right? Then I sort of became
responsible and I was like, "Okay, this
is just how like like you're getting
older, you're doing less of this." But
actually, what I realized is that like
the career that I was going through
turned from like really fun hacking
around on random to being a lot
more organized. Um, and now I feel like
I'm back to how I felt like in in in in
sort of the time between 2004 and 2009
where actually I think our industry was
a little bit less well defined and and I
I actually there's like of course like
the addictive effect of the agents, but
there's also like all of a sudden I feel
like I can do so much and I want to try
so much. Um, and and everybody's in the
same kind of mindset of like I can do
everything I want, right? I built a a an
an Ethernet driver in JavaScript the
other day to sort of sandbox my agent
and I would have never done this before,
right? And so I don't think it's just
the agentic addiction in itself. It's
like okay, you can do so much, but I
think it's also like now everybody's in
this mood of like someone said like it
feels like the early days of the
internet and it really does feel like
this to me again. It's like it's the
early days of like our industry in a new
way.
>> I agree and that's what's making it
hard. I don't have a great answer. I
think we got a little bit off topic. So,
you know, this is state of agentic
coding. So, first of all, let's just say
this was a crazy month. This just felt
like the craziest month.
>> I want to talk about pi a little bit for
like 30 seconds.
>> So, look, we've talked about pi on this
show. I suspect for many people, you've
even introduced people to pi because it
was pretty lowkey there, but I
understand that pi is a pretty big part
of open claw. I I don't know if this is
true or not, but my understanding is it
has certainly gotten Pi has gotten more
attention uh as an Asian harness lately.
Whether that's open claw or not, I don't
know. And you know, so what's going on
there?
>> I think that around
when like everybody was looking at Open
Claw, I have seen some people write
about Pi. I I know that I released a
blog post that got a lot of views. Um
and I also saw Toby from Shopify
retweeting Pi. Pi was officially blessed
as a coding agent by uh OpenAI. So it
has uh full access to the codec
subscription with its own system prompt.
So definitely seem people have sort of
started looking at this and you can also
see this a little bit by the GitHub
stores and and a bunch of people sort of
jumped on to sort of explore and and and
tried it. So, it definitely has um like
a hot 15 minutes of of popularity, but I
think it's also like more people now
looking at I think minimal coding agents
as a sort of building block to build
their own agents. I think if you really
want to build an agent loop yourself, if
you actually look like how do you do it,
you actually don't have a lot of choice
in many ways. You basically have Pantic
in Python, you have the Vela SDK, you
have PI I think and that's it. Or you
just go straight to the underlying
libraries. But but I don't think like
there's actually that much choice in the
market today. Um so I think it is
actually kind of interesting.
>> I'll add to that though that if um there
are other choices, but I think they're
cloud-based like Cloudflare workflows
arguably I think is like having an agent
loop. Is that fair? But it's for running
it in the cloud, you know. I don't
>> But I think you still have I think you
still have to like an to actually talk
to
the AI provider. I think they I don't
think they have an AI SDK. I'm not sure.
>> Yeah.
>> Because we'll come back on that.
>> Yeah. But but maybe like so so why is it
even relevant at all that you have a
thing here which is like how hard can it
build to be an agent? Well, it's not
super hard, but particularly with
entropic, if you do it wrong, um it's
going to be way more expensive because
you get the caching wrong, for instance.
And it's actually there's a there's a
bunch of stuff you need to handle, or
like Pi, for instance, does automatic
image resizing like a bunch of other
things are doing so that um the agent
doesn't break. Um so there's a there's a
little bit of stuff you actually do need
to get right and and PI gets the core
parts right and then you can can explore
with like really creative solutions
around it if you want to. And I think
more people started to to to to play
around with it. Um, which was really
interesting to see.
>> So, we'll check back on that. I guess
it's like we'll see where where Pi is.
Man, there's a lot of news to cover. I
think Oh, we did ask like what did
people we asked on on on X or Twitter
like what do people want to talk about
and somebody I know I somebody raised a
a comment I left a comment that was like
there's we have written down so many
things that like I don't even know that
we're going to get to it, but we're
gonna we're gonna try and do it in a
quick way. So other news that happened
in the last month somehow cursor built a
browser from scratch. Enthropic built a
compiler C compiler that can uh compile
the Linux kernel and I guess it I don't
know if it compile it compiled Doom.
This feels like a change where now we're
seeing these you know we're having
agents complete large projects. Um and
we've obviously had a bunch of model
releases which we've we haven't even
touched on that yet. What does that
mean? I guess maybe this is our good way
to bring us to the model changes.
>> Yeah. So that have been someone else's
prediction, right? I remember Simon was
talking about the predictions on the
oxide and friends podcast and uh at the
end of the year he was like this will be
the year where someone will build a
browser from scratch. And the reason
Simon did this prediction, I think a lot
of people did similar predictions was
there was a growing consensus that if
you have a good test suite then uh you
can you have like a something to develop
against. Um, and that was definitely
true for the browser because there's a
there's a browser test suite that uh
Chrome and Firefox and Ladybird and I
think a bunch of others are building
against and obviously uh if you build a
compiler then yeah tests from other
compilers and then at the end there's a
a kernel that can boot or not. Um, and
so there's there's there's there's a
north star to work towards. I think
what's really impressive about those is
that they did it in much quicker time I
think than people anticipated. I think
the browser I don't know but it was like
less than two months right and so it was
definitely impressive and I think is
this is kind of it's like this a roar
shock test of like where you're standing
on this because like a lot of people are
like oh it's not impressive at all
because it's in the weights and the
other one's like oh it's super
impressive but then it's like actually
it's really really really slow. It
doesn't even hit like baseline
performance of like an unoptimized GCC.
I just think it's cool. Uh I I don't
want to like judge it in any way, but
it's like it's definitely like it it was
not able to do that six months ago,
right? And it's able to do that now. So
let's see where we're in six months. And
a lot of people are now talking about
like how do you orchestrate these sort
of like agents of agents and stuff like
this and like even code released an
experimental multi- agent mode with
T-max and like a bunch of teammates or
whatever they call it. So So that's
happening. We'll see.
>> So question quick question. I didn't see
what uh so anthro so opus 4.6 came out
not even a week ago codeex 5.3 we're
going to come to this quickly so
anthropic built their cmp compiler using
opus 4.6 what did cursor use to build
the browser like was that composer or
was that something else as far as I know
it used a combination of opus and codecs
but I can check it's not their own model
for sure uh cursor browser model uh
should be 5.2 2.
>> Okay. So, this is fun. Cursor comes out
and announces that they built a browser
uh with GPT 5.2 and then like what a
couple weeks later that's deprecated and
we got GPT 5.3.
>> Yeah. Um do you remember we had we
talked in December I think was like
everybody all of a sudden was like Opus
4.5 is so great. But it was actually I
think in many ways like four months four
months four weeks after it actually
initially launched that took a while for
people sort of to acclimate. I feel like
it's the same right now with with these
model releases. Like
I I have no opinion on them right now.
I'm using them, but um like I think it
will take us a little while to to
realize like are they different? Are
they the same? So I don't think it's
deprecated. I definitely right now I
think I use 5.3 exclusively instead of
5.2 because I don't see a reason why I
should use 5.2. I guess um it feels
faster. This is what I'm noticing. It
feels noticeably quicker. Um, and I
really didn't have much of reason to use
the other one, but I don't think its
programs any better. Maybe it does, but
wouldn't wouldn't really have noticed.
But I noticed the speed.
>> So, obviously model improvements are are
a factor, right, in terms of building
these more complicated pieces of
software.
But I have to believe the harness too,
right? So how much you have how much do
you think like there's sort of
what I've learned is
I think everybody has learned is that
harness innovation is very real and
probably like a really um impactful part
of
um the ability for for
you know agents LLMs to build software.
So both these experiments, both the
browser and the compiler, they use the
custom harness and custom harness that
basically is, as far as I can tell,
two loops. One, which sort of
continuously cranks out tickets in form
of files for other things to pick up.
And also, I think they also all just use
the file system to to dump tasks to to
places for the other things to pick up.
There's obviously a lot of talk about
gas town and things like that which is
like the sort of a more colorful version
I guess of a sort of this thing but
maybe the slightly less absurd one is is
just a built-in support in cloud code
now which this team work team member
team team lead whatever they call it.
So, it's there. Um, and I tried it and
it's kind of cool, but there's
innovation in that. And also, I think
maybe we should talk about the fast mode
in cloud code.
>> I'm going to tell you this episode this
episode feels very challenging because
there is just so much to get into. So,
look,
>> we should talk about fast mode. I forgot
about this.
>> Okay, so look, let's just let's just
start this off. Let's talk about Opus
4.6.
All right. Are we I presumed you meant
Opus 4.6 fast mode. Let's bring
everybody up to speed here. Okay, so OP
Opus 4.6 launches
what? February
3rd or 4th? It was Thursday, I think
last week.
>> I agree. Armen brought up like normally
we take some time to to decide whether
things are good. I have been using it
kind of like a a a ton and I think this
is a good moment especially if you
haven't if you don't know us or you
haven't been following us or or or
listened to this before is like you know
Armen and I are both trying to build
software businesses here
okay and we've been doing it for for
months um modem is a real product
I think that when we talk about
evaluating models I think that we're
talking about it with real stakes in the
sense that we're trying to build
products and get them out there. We're
not just vibing um you know some indie
project that uh you know makes $2,000 a
month and then you try to sell for 2.2
million. [laughter] That's side joke. I
guess I'm sharing that to say that like
I think there are real stakes and when
I'm evaluating a model like it's
important, you know, I've got a team I
work with like it has to work. It has to
solve our problems, right? And is that
fair by the way? I don't want to speak
for you, but is that you know?
>> No, I mean like
it's true. I just also don't necessarily
know if like going to like put a lot of
scrutiny on a model. It's just like does
it work? Does it not work? If it
wouldn't work, probably would go to back
what we had before. Just doesn't seem
like it's objectively worse that I have
to go to an older version. I think
that's sort of my take on this right
now.
>> Right. I think the one thing it does do
for me is like if something is working
and I feel like it's given me great
results, I'm not super motivated to like
I do want to experiment. I do want to
listen and try other things if I think
it's going to sort of advance like what
I'm working on, but it has to be really
good. So, I've been using I think I had
something like I think I merged like 80
poll requests over the over the weekend.
That's a lot for me. I squash commits,
by the way. So, [laughter]
it's quite a bit. I think Opus 4.6 is
really good. I think it's like I don't
know. These are all vibes, right? But it
it could be like objectively on a on a
benchmark maybe 10% better, right? I
don't know. But 10% could be dramatic,
right? In terms of your ability to work
with things. Uh like my pulse check is
that I I feel like I can operate at a
slightly higher level. I feel like I
feel like compaction is good in terms of
sessions being able to go longer without
feeling like they're and this is with
Claude Code.
You're right. I feel like compaction is
really good. And that's like my vibe
test. It's like am I am I shipping a lot
of stuff? Do I feel like I'm am I, you
know, do I want to do I want to keep
going because I'm having a great time.
I'm achieving a lot. I think that Opus
that's like my benchmark and I felt I
feel like it's pretty good. So
>> yeah, I mean I don't have a lot of like
I don't have a lot of opinions on on on
like base opus. I think like the main
opinion that I have right now is they
also released the fast mode. I'm not
ready to pay money for that I would say
but uh that's new in the sense that if
you pay six times as much in API credits
you get two and a half times the
throughput
>> and I burned for my $50 included in a
single session.
>> I wanted to I wanted to segue to fast
mode because look I think that I think
that already the agent is is
like it's good alone. Never never mind
fast mode. Thursday, you've got in my
mind a, you know, a better a better LLM,
a better a better model and a better
experience with Claude Code and probably
with a lot of the harnesses. And then on
top of that, what was that two days
later? Fast mode. So now here we are. So
you have that new model and then on top
of it, you can just use that model way
faster. How many times faster?
>> Two and a half times for six times the
cost.
>> For six times the cost. And you blew
through it really quickly. Did you like
what you saw?
I'm a little bit conflicted on it
honestly. It is cool. It is really cool.
It's like it's objectively cool to see
it go at like Oppo's performance just
like double the speed, right? And and I
think it's really cool because like you
can sort of feel like if we actually are
going to get models that are this quick,
that will be very nice.
It's also at the same time kind of like
telling the story a little bit that
speeds like that is going to be really
expensive. So maybe we're not going to
land with like the $200 a month sort of
price point. Maybe it's going to be a
thousand, right? This is sort of like I
feel like this is sort of like this
slowly sort of getting us used to the
idea that we're like this is going to be
10k or more a year. I feel like this is
what's this is why this is happening.
But we'll see. Maybe not. Who knows?
>> I think for me and I'm, you know, these
days I'm usually running three to four
different sessions at once and I'm kind
of like a crazy person jumping around to
each and kind of like spinning plates,
keeping them going and like pre, you
know, testing them, bouncing around.
I have no interest in going faster.
It feels really fast.
[snorts]
And I'm personally bottlenecked by my
ability. And I think this depends
entirely on,
you know, what you're building. Are you
supporting users, for example? Like if
you've got no users, doesn't matter that
I'm, you know, I'm performing QA or, you
know, sometimes I'm tweaking a UI and I
want to I want to like with my eyes, I
want to evaluate it. Like I I think that
human in the loop and taste is really
important and I don't I I you know, two
and a half times faster. I don't need
that.
So what I do think though is that there
is a class of problems for which that is
probably very valuable and it goes back
where we started this section off which
is big agentic projects like building a
browser or building a compiler and
projects like that need you know very
defined sort of like win conditions
about what success looks like that the
agent can kind of keep going until it
has achieved that and that win condition
or whatever you want to call it is is in
code whether via test suite or or
something right it is not a human
eyeballing and saying looks good is that
fair yeah
there's a bottleneck right and the
bottleneck is me but there are also
types of tasks where I'm just actually
just waiting there right so it's like I
I feel like if I could press a tober
button like on demand it's like Now go
quicker. I there are situations for sure
where I would press it, but overall like
this thing is idling most of the time at
this point because I am not capable of
context switching that much
>> and actually setting a quality bar that
I'm at least
>> okay with somewhere that is a segue over
to like the future is terrible offer
because like I'm freely feeling like
this right now but it's
because everybody's is so convinced that
they have to ship faster and faster and
faster. I think it's like you sort of
like you get into this mood that they
have to, but it's it's also very very
hard to call the quality bar.
I agree. And even though I think Opus
4.6 sex is really good and I think I
think it's smarter or I've just deluded
myself to think that it's smarter.
Like I still find that
it and all the coding agents make
bizarre decisions all the time that you
only really that you only really uncover
by digging into the code and looking
closely and then you know that's when
sort of a little bit of the illusion
gets pulled away. Um
>> well they they write terrible code like
there's like no denying like as as much
as we I think like the reality is that
if if you have an agent write 95 like I
can objectively say that my codebase is
not good quality standard I wish it had
but also it's good enough for what I'm
trying to do right now. Mhm.
>> But I I think if I if I have to rely on
that kind of model for the most critical
pieces of my infrastructure, I would
have a problem, right? And I think that
I hope in like six to nine months that's
less the case. But yeah, it's like you
you cannot vibe yourself to
to everything. So there's there's a
there's an engineering part too. Um and
there just doesn't work yet good enough.
at the core of it. Like right now I'm
building the sandbox and it's it's it's
good for a lot of it, but like there
there's a lot of cuffs I need to rewrite
because it just doesn't it doesn't work.
One of my reactions to seeing the um the
big agentic projects like the browser
and the compiler was
man I wonder if I can frame more of my
problems
with like you know these sort of uh
gates or wind conditions so that the
agent can be more successful and go
further and that maybe you know call it
test-driven development or or call it
something else
you If I work that way,
maybe now I could achieve more
parallelism or, you know, it makes sense
to go faster. Is our job going to turn
into requirements engineering?
>> I don't know. I I really don't know. I
think like right now I'm sort of like on
the Gardner hype cycle. I'm sort of in a
slump a little bit in that um
I I feel like we have hit
a point. I think it's going to get
better for sure, but I feel like right
now we have hit a point where we have
figured out how to make the thing loop,
right? We have figured out like like
this you're you're going to write a
bunch of this like requirements
documents. It's going to do something
but we have not figured out how to make
the thing actually produce code that is
actually good. And so the limiting
factor right now is not my ability to
write PRDS. Um my the limiting factor is
actually I need to do less of that and
actually do a little bit more
engineering. That's that's the state
that I have right now. Is it going to be
different in two months or three?
probably. But right now, I'm actually
pulling back on that quite significantly
because of the problems that it would
cause if I would lean in more on that.
Um, in part because like you actually
get incredibly lazy and don't look
anymore until you sort of like go back
at this like 3 days later and like why
the hell is why is this feature in
there? Why is like why is why is it
doing that? Um, and it becomes
problematic when it starts breaking,
right? Because like all of a sudden
you're like, "No, that like there's you
can build yourself into a codebase where
nobody in the company actually knows
what it does internally, right?" And
that's scary because like there will be
the moment where you have to understand
it. So I I don't think that I want to
build myself more towards like what you
just described, which is basically uh
clear clear passing gates only validated
by machine. Maybe in a couple of months,
but like not right now.
>> Okay. You're on a detox is what
>> I'm on a I'm basically on a detox. Yeah.
But I don't think it's like I don't
think it's like because I made a
necessarily particularly bad experience.
It's just like I take the model for what
it does today and there are clear limits
to it. Um, and I guess the question is,
and I heard there a bunch of people say,
is like, is can you actually just vibe
your way through until the better model
comes around that just cleans up all the
mess that the old model made?
And my suspicion is not yet. So, I don't
know. Do you want to take that gamble, I
guess, is the question. And I I I don't
take that gamble right now. That's like
a parallel to like pollution and many
other uh many other problems that humans
create for themselves. You know, someone
else will fix it. Yeah. All right. So,
look, we've been recording for a while.
Man, there was way too much to get into.
I feel like one, I do think that there
seems to be almost like a almost like a
model allegiance divide. Like, we've
talked a lot about um brands, but
perhaps even styles. Like I noticed that
some people are really into the codeex
way of building things and some people
are really into the Opus, you know, way
of building things. And we didn't even
get to Kimmy K2.5, which is also very
substantial. Um, and another way perhaps
of building things. That's a whole topic
on its own that I would love to know
more of because I know that you use
codeex more lately and I've, you know,
kind of just leaned in on Opus.
Not enough time to get into it, but it's
something I'd love to get into on like
another episode maybe next month or in
between. And if that interests you, like
somebody say something in the comments.
All right, so let's get into
predictions.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, let's go into predictions. And
I guess we're just, man, we're just
doing it. We're doing monthly
predictions. Armen, you want to go
ahead?
>> So, I think in a I think I think in a
month we're going to see more people
either launching sandbox solutions or
talking very prominently about sandbox
solutions. And the same thing is going
to be true about
um how to orchestrate
like basically a productized version of
Gas Town.
Like either the coding harnesses will
themselves ship a version of it or there
will be like a a plethora if you call it
that way of third party solutions to
orchestrate basically self-running
doom loops of of agents. Um, I think
we're going to have this by the end of
by the early March.
>> I think that's a reasonable prediction
for two reasons. One, I barely know what
Gas Town is, and
I know who's behind it. I know
ostensibly what it does. I just haven't
had time to really think about it.
That's it, right? And
this is always, by the way, I think this
is actually a good uh way of sizing up
our predictions because we've tal in in
in doing these shows, we've talked about
like, you know, Armen is the 0.1 and me
as the 1enter. So, I'm behind, right?
I'm I'm both ahead of probably like a
lot of pe I'm definitely ahead of a lot
of people, but also behind. So,
you know, I was behind on Clawpot, for
example, right?
So I think I agree with it from that
perspective in that
it's not like a huge thing right now,
right? It could be. The second thing is
this.
One of the reasons why this mania, this
like collective monthly mania is
happening, which we should I we could
talk about this, but
I don't want to say just influencers,
but like there is an influencer set.
There are the model companies. like they
really want everybody wants something
new to talk about all the time.
Okay. And the reality is enough time
will go on there's kind of like hunger
and demand for like what's next. And I
do think that the natural kind of like
you know conclusion of like if we take
open claw forward is that you know
sandboxing will be a bigger deal and
we'll have videos about that. Here's how
you sandbox etc. So that's like my like
I guess I'm plus oneing I'm plus oneing
your prediction. You're better at
predicting. Although you know I think
it's I like the questions because then
we get to think about it, right? I would
have never sat here and said, "Oh, of
course there's going to be more
harnesses." But because you kind of
phrased the question that way and we
could think about it, I think it it led
to a decent answer. So here's my
question for you. By all accounts,
Google is a big winner of the AI era.
you know, their their stock is doing
well by all accounts. They have
tremendous models. Um, their image model
is great. Nano Banana, VO,
um, they make TPUs. Like, no one is
questioning that they're sort of a
frontr runner in this in this race.
However, and I do know that I like I
know that people do use Google models
for code, but they don't seem to hit in
the same way that say the anthropic
models have or maybe even Codex. I'm not
sure. By the way, Google lawyers, I'm
not sure. I'm just these are all vibes.
But my question for you is, do you think
in the next month like do you think
Google is comfortable with that? I think
that there are teams over there that
would love to do more of this. Do you
think that we'll
see them kind of like
approach, you know, this agent coding
market in a different way? Like they
have, to be clear, they have jewels,
they've got anti-gravity, they've
they've had like approaches that
>> are out there.
>> I I don't think it's going to change in
the next month.
>> Not at all.
>> I mean, I But you ask like, do they want
to? I'm pretty sure they want to, but
both Microsoft and Google are deeply
dysfunctional in actually being able to
somehow ship this to
uh in into an environment where like
they're really really resonating with
the user, which is shocking because like
they have all the resources and somehow
some something in the company prevents
this from actually happening. It's wild,
but but it's hard to change, right? and
and I don't think it's going to change
this month, but I think they will they
will put a lot more effort into it
because like they they put so much money
into infrastructure investments and
everything and I don't think they want
other people to to collect all the like
the the value. Uh I think they will have
to eventually walk up the chain and
build an end user product that someone
wants to pay money for.
>> I can't comment on the dysfunction
thing. I have no idea. But I do think
there's a branding challenge. Like
there's already a lot of players. Is
anti-gravity, and by the way,
anti-gravity is their IDE that released
a few months ago, I think. Um, is it
good or is it bad? Man, I have no idea
cuz I got no time to pick that up. I
think that's a bit of a challenge. And I
think there's like a branding and a
positioning challenge that they have.
Like it could be that it's fantastic. I
don't know. Right.
>> Yeah. But that brings me to the other
prediction that I have.
>> Okay, good.
>> I think it might be hard to say like
this will be in this month, but I think
the discourse will very quickly shift
towards the death of the ID.
>> Yeah,
>> I I I see
already now that AMP for instance killed
their ID extension this month. So that's
gone or it will be gone. It's on
self-destruct.
And you already mentioned at the
beginning that cursor has a they
advertised the ID the sorry the CLI
extension. Now I I I feel like that if
not this month then next month we we are
starting to like really really talk
about we need different tools than an
IDE to work with agents. This is a great
prediction and I think this presents
probably illustrates why my prediction
last month where I was like cursor is
going to like you know they're they're
awesome they're going to come back and
you could argue they have right this is
the same thing I think the same problem
as Google just in a different way right
they do have a CLI I think I've heard
some positive things I don't have time
to do it and the other thing reason is
what is cursor cursor is predominantly
known for tamlet complete and our IDE
that is sort of their position in the
market is it's the best editor. It's the
best editor, editor, editor, right? And
now it's hard to say that you're that
thing and to also say by the way, we've
got a fantastic CLI, right? Um
this positioning is what works so great
for open code and pod code too, right?
And it arguably works well for codeex
because they never really had an editor.
And um there's something about sort of
committing like if you believe that this
is the future and you believe that there
you're not going to have an IDE in the
future and you're just going to vibe
your way to a solution. I know that some
people use vibe in a very dismissive
way. I use it mostly to describe what
you just talked about like I'm chatting
with an agent. I'm building code. I I'm
still looking at the code I guess.
Right. Right. So, I don't I know that
that's not like sort of the origin of
it, but I guess I'm referring to this
kind of workflow where I'm I'm mostly
doing the kind of chat based kind of
flow. What do you think about that?
>> I'm definitely not open to the ID much,
right? It's like I'm I'm sort of talking
to it. Um I'm I'm I I like it after a
while. I like the the TUI, but I also
think like I think we have to be
somewhat fair to cursor here because
like I think they know that, right? Like
I I know that if you go to the website
of cursor now it it it there's no
mention of an ID that the the the UI
that they show you is basically their
agent view right so I like they they I
think there our perception of what
cursor is is in some ways also no longer
reflective of what the product wants to
be and I don't think that the ter
thermal user interface is is definitely
the right choice here because it's it's
very limited right but I think the the
sort of having a bigger distance to your
code and and finding other ways to
review it. There's just a lot of
pressure to move towards that. Well,
look, I guess this is also where we can
bring in a little um a little inside
baseball.
It even if Cursor internally knows that
and they want that and I think they're a
great, you know, company, they build
great products, is that it is hard is
this kind of like branding challenge is
that if you're known for one thing, it's
hard to move into the other thing,
especially quickly,
>> right? Especially quickly. And at
Sentry, we had a bit of this problem
because we were known for so long as the
error monitoring tool. And when we
started bringing in other products like,
you know, tracing and session replays
and now they got logs. Um, you know, it
was it was hard to actually get anybody
to escape that idea that it was more
than error monitoring. We've lived that
and it's interesting to see that play
out now in a different way, just like on
a wildly accelerated timeline to these
other products.
>> I think it's fair. It's
>> Yeah,
>> I feel like building in the AI space to
some degree. It's like you built this
great new castle and like three months
later someone is already digging at your
foundation with a even bigger castle,
right? I feel so it moves up there in in
in sort of ambition and possibilities.
Um, and if you are known for the small
castle and someone builds the bigger
castle, then
>> yeah, it's it's it's it's interesting. I
think
>> if I made an annual prediction, by the
way, I think that it would be like
what's after the CLI and I think it's
just it's just the chat app. It's almost
like open claw is like a is like a year
early for this like where we started off
just to bring it full circle like there
could be a future where you are just so
you are you have so much trust and
you're just Jarvis building with with
your with your bot and we're not there
yet but it could just be that that is
the future UI. I guess the question to
you then is, do you think you're going
to have the same app for putting your
kids PDF that you got from the school
into your calendar app as your coding
agent or are these separate things? Cuz
like in some ways you're describing the
Uber app of like this just the thing I
talk to and magic happens.
>> I don't know. I guess maybe I'm I guess
this is lending lending uh credence to
the theory that yeah, maybe there will
be the Omni app and um you know the
software industry is in trouble. Stay
and that feels like a good place to stop
like stay to
>> All right. Thanks for being with us and
leave some questions. Maybe that gives
up some insights for next episode.
>> Bye. Thank you. wife.